Dear Mom, and Dad, and everybody,
I'm sorry to leave
without saying goodbye.
I knew if I said anything,
you'd try and stop me from trying
to travel to Sonic's world.
It's very important to me,
so I hope you'll understand.
Don't worry.
I'll be fine.
And, I'll be back.
I'll miss you all.
Mom, and Dad, Grandpa, Danny,
Francis, and Helen...
I love you.
Chris
P. S. I'll tell Sonic and
the others you said "hello."
ALL: Hey, that's Chris!
CHRIS: It worked!
I-I did it!
I actually did it!
Sonic!
[Grunt]
Uh...
Uh??
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
What's going on?
What's with my clothes?
Did I shrink or something?
Great to see ya, Chris!
Tails, it's you!
We've really missed you.
It's about time you showed up.
[Giggling]
Hey, Amy.
It's good to see ya.
[Chuckling]
[Everyone speaking at once]
Hey, one at a time!
Sonic, who is that boy?
He's my friend.
Ah!
Hi, Sonic.
How you doing, pal?
Sonic, I can't believe
I'm really here.
It's been a long time coming.
I knew you'd get here
sooner or later, buddy.
You haven't changed a bit.
Come to think of it,
none of you have.
Huh?
Doesn't look like you
changed much, either,
except for the baggy clothes.
Is that some new
style, or something?
No, I don't know what's going on.
[Groaning]
Huh?
Sonic!
Sonic, what's wrong?
Huh?
What happened? Say something!
Why isn't he waking up?
He's okay.
I think he's just exhausted.
Yeah, I guess he still has
to recover from that battle.
Sonic got injured in a battle?
[Sighing]
You rest now, Sonic.
Your friend Sonic was
fighting against a Metarex.
A Metarex?
I don't know how many there are,
but they've been attacking
planets all over the galaxy.
Their goal is to unify all the
planets under one absolute rule.
KNUCKLES: Let me
guess—their rule.
That's right.
They've already extinguished
so many planets.
What do you mean, "extinguished?"
The Metarex don't
just conquer planets,
they take the Planet Eggs.
The what?
The Planet Eggs are like
the hearts of planets.
Without them, planets lose their
power to nurture and sustain life.
They become just cold, barren
rocks drifting through space.
And now that they've
taken your Planet Egg,
your world will soon wither
away just like the others have.
Our planet will die?
That's right.
Excuse my asking, but how do we
know you're not on their side?
Because I'm not!
The Metarex are vicious,
and they'll wipe out anything
that gets in their way.
I am not with them.
You have to believe me!
I wish I could.
At least let's hear her out.
I came here so that
what happened to me,
might not happen to all of you.
My planet is gone.
Everyone I loved—my
family, my friends are..
[Crying] Everything...
everything is gone!
[Sobbing]
She's calmed down a little.
I think she'll be okay.
I can't believe Knuckles was giving
that poor thing such a hard time.
I can't believe you built a teleporting
machine in only six months.
Only six months?
No wonder you all look
exactly as I remember you.
Chris is acting kind of funny, Amy.
Don't forget, he's human.
Back home, it's been six
years since I saw you.
I guess I still have a lot
to learn about teleportation.
If it's been six years,
how come you still look the same?
I'm just as confused
as you are, Tails.
[Giggling]
We'll figure it out.
[Gasp]
Sonic's gone!
Oh, no!
He must have gone out the window!
He doesn't even say goodbye!
That's Sonic for ya.
No matter what, he just takes off.
He can't even stay still
when he's passed out.
I'm just glad he's okay.
That's weird.
There's no wind.
Something's not right.
I don't trust that Cosmo.
So is it true, Knuckles?
Is what true, Rouge?
A little birdie told me that all
seven Chaos Emeralds were gone.
It's true.
Sonic thought it'd be a good
idea to scatter them into space.
And not only that, but Chris teleported
here from his world somehow.
Things are crazy here.
A Metarex attacks, then Cosmo—
See you around, Knuckie!
Hey, Rouge!
Come back here!
You've got a lot of nerve flying
off while I'm still talking!
Rouge!
These should fit a little better.
They're like your old
clothes, aren't they?
They sure are.
Thanks.
Man, this is embarrassing.
Chao chao chao chao
chao! Chao chao!
Such a pretty place.
I'm glad you like it.
Our planet's great.
Maybe you can learn
to love it here.
Maybe.
Chao chao chao
She doesn't understand.
Without the Planet Egg,
her planet cannot survive.
You know, Cream, if we don't
get the Planet Egg back...
We will.
We have Sonic on our side.
He'll make everything okay.
Chao chao
But, Cream, Sonic isn't strong
without the Chaos Emeralds.
Well, then, I guess we'll
just have to go find 'em.
I wish you had them now.
Maybe there was something
I could have done
instead of sending the
Chaos Emeralds away,
but it seemed like a
good idea at the time.
Chaos Control!
Oh.
At least he didn't
get the Emeralds.
You must have been pretty wiped
out after fighting that thing.
I was.
When I transformed into Super
Sonic, I thought it'd be a cinch.
But boy, was I wrong.
Sonic, listen.
The Metarex are extremely powerful.
They've traveled through space
and taken every Egg from every
planet they've encountered.
There's nothing to worry about as
long as Sonic's on the scene, Cosmo!
We'll get all the Planet
Eggs back, I promise.
A dangerous quest in outer space...
Could anything be more romantic?
Cheese and I wouldn't miss
an adventure like this.
You can count me in, Sonic.
I want to go, too.
I've been waiting six years to
have another adventure with you.
Great! Then it's settled.
We're going into outer space.
CHRIS: Tails, to go into space,
won't we need a spaceship?
[Chuckling] Ta da!
[All gasp]
Ahh!
[Whistling]
It's so big!
It's a multipurpose, fully
mobile flying fortress!
I call it the Blue Typhoon.
And, with a few quick adjustments,
it can even fly into space.
Only...
Only, what?
I was planning on using the Chaos
Emeralds as the power source.
Now what are we gonna use?
Huh...
Ah, I know what we can use.
Hmph.
I shouldn't have told that
batty Rouge anything.
Huh? [Gasp]
Oh, no!
The Master Emerald's gone!
The readings look good, Chris.
The Master Emerald ought to give
us enough power to go interstellar.
What's the idea?
We're gonna borrow your Master
Emerald for a little while.
No way! It goes back where it was.
But we need it to
go into outer space.
Outer space?
We have to find the
seven Chaos Emeralds
so we have enough power
to defeat Metarex.
We're going to travel
across the galaxy,
battle Metarex, and save planets!
Doesn't it sound like
the best adventure ever?
It sounds just peachy.
Now give me back that Emerald, Sonic,
or I'll come up there and take it!
Listen to you! You
should be ashamed!
The fate of the entire
galaxy is at stake.
AMY: But if you won't
listen to reason...
Gah!
Maybe I could knock
some reason into you!
It would be a pleasure.
Hey, let's calm down!
[Sounds of struggling]
Sonic, please help me!
I'd like to, but I don't get
involved in fights I can't win.
You're on your own.
See, If I take these wires and
attach them to the transformer,
which connects the Master...
[Grumbling]
Huh?
Chris, I'm sorry our planet got invaded
right when you came to visit us.
Are you kidding? Don't be.
I haven't been this
excited in years.
And now that I'm older,
I can be of some use to you guys.
So, is the initial
take-off sequence ready?
Prepare to activate
the Master Emerald!
This reminds me of our times
back in Station Square.
We should load this ship
with lots of cool gadgets.
That way, when I tell
Grandpa about them,
he'll get really jealous.
Sounds good to me.
Do not let them leave the planet.
Stop the development of the
spacecraft and destroy them.
This should be the last supplies
we have to haul from home.
Of course, now we have to load
everything onto the ship.
I can hardly believe it.
Pretty soon we'll be
taking off and speeding-
Hi, Cosmo!
Huh?
Chao chao!
Would you mind carrying
these downhill, please?
Oh, okay.
Are you sure you can handle it?
I got it.
[Struggling]
Woah!
Oh! She doesn't have it!
Chao!
I'm okay.
Cosmo!
Are you all right?
I think so.
[Gasping]
[All gasping]
A Metarex.
Following directive number one—
destroy the enemy spacecraft.
Adjust. Firing error
296, tangent 8.
Oof!
Ah!
Huh?
I don't think we're gonna
stop that thing this way.
You're right, but we gotta to try.
It is futile for you to oppose us.
You are never going to
leave this planet alive.
There's no time.
What's our status?
I still have a few
adjustments to make,
but we can work on
those in the air.
So I guess we're ready.
Let's go!
You're ready?
We're leaving now?
Soon, but we have to activate
the Master Emerald first,
so we need Knuckles.
Would you mind finding him for me?
The time's almost here.
Cream, go find Knuckles and tell
him Tails needs him on the ship.
Cosmo, you come with me and help
me get the supplies aboard.
What's going on?
Tails is almost ready to
power up his new ship,
and he needs Knuckles to
activate the Master Emerald.
[Gasp]
[Grunt]
Hey, up here!
Oof!
Huh!
Huh? Hey, I think I
finally stopped him!
I don't think so!
Wo-woah!
[Gasp]
Radar system activated.
Huh?
Aah!
Ah!
It'd stink to get blasted out of
the sky before we left the ground.
Ooh!
[Gasp]
Aaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Happy landing, pal.
Knuckles!
Tails needs you on the plane.
He plans to beat the Metarex.
I just did.
Ohh!
[Grunt]
Oof.
Go on, Knuckles. I got this guy.
[Grunt]
[Breathing deeply]
You know, Cosmo, you might want
to carry more than one at a time.
Oh... Right.
Wo-woah!
[Giggling] Why don't
you just take it easy?
The main engine's ready.
Connecting to the Master Emerald.
You copy?
Main engine now connected
to the Master Emerald.
The seven Chaos Emeralds
are the servers.
Our hearts intensify their power.
The controller serves
to unify the Chaos.
We need your great power
to find the Chaos Emeralds.
Ignition.
Okay, the engine's fired up.
Mother?
Huh?
Mother, would it be all right if I
go out into space with everybody?
You mean on that nice
spaceship that Tails built?
Sure, sweetie. Just
don't touch any buttons.
Thanks, Mother.
Cream!
Goodbye, Mother. Goodbye.
Uhh!
Oof!
Ugh!
Ooh!
[Grunt]
Hurry it up, guys!
Huh?
The acceleration thruster's
almost charged.
Take-off time.
You are doomed.
Great.
Huh!
It's been fun, but we have
to be running along now.
Master Emerald, we need you!
Release the power of Chaos to us!
We're almost there...!
80, 90, 95—!
The chamber's energy
supply's at full capacity!
Sonic! We're gonna
use the main cannon.
Stand by!
Transferring power from the energy
chamber to the main cabin.
Cannon initiation sequence
now in progress.
Sequence complete.
Sonic, do your thing!
Hm! Here goes!
Last one.
Attention everyone—
brace yourselves!
[Sigh]
Target Metarex dead ahead.
ALL: Sonic Power Cannon, fire!
Wo-wo-wo-wo-woah!
Hang on, Sonic!
Hngggggggggggggh.
Huh?
Hi, Chris!
I got ya!
Uh!
Mission accomplished!
An excellent catch, guys.
Now get ready!
Retracting main cannon.
Re-routing energy to main engine.
Forward wings deployed.
All right, Blue Typhoon,
here we go!
Let's go up to the bridge!
Uh.
Hey!
Hm?
[Chuckling]
What a beautiful view.
I've always wanted to know what our
planet looks like from this high up.
I wonder what this is.
You wonder what what is?
This thing on my head.
I'm afraid I have some
bad news, Doctor.
Sonic seems to have discovered
our electronic bug.
[Evil laughter]
I planted it on him
before he woke up.
Clever, aren't I?
Now, fire up the engines,
and follow that spaceship!
Roger.
Engine fired up.
Don't let them get away!
Full speed ahead!
Huh?
Hey! I give the orders around here!
Sorry, Doctor!
Huh.